# CS330
I approached designing the scene and the overall software for this course through applying learning materials while practicing hands on development. For all of my assignments, I manipulated data points and added in new components to see how they would impact the overall landscape and appearance of the scene to gain a deeper understanding. The project has allowed me to develop and refine my design skills within the OpenGL software environment. For any and all future projects, the tactics of referencing learning materials and applying hands on practice would be extremely beneficial. 

When developing new programs, I always aim to apply the techniques of learning by doing and seeking help only after trying to resolve the obstacle myself. While working on my 3D scene, I did not really apply any new development strategies, but I did apply them within a new environment in OpenGL. Iteration was a critical aspect of my development as I would usually manipulate the code to gain an understanding of how everything connects together and then I would move forward with implementing the changes I desired. Each new line concept/component of the new functionality would be tested before moving forward with adding in the rest of the component. By breaking down the final scene into multiple different milestones, I was able to completely focus on one conceptual idea and learn how to apply and change it to my liking. 

Computer science will help me reach my goals through learning the critical skills and software programs used everyday in the software development career. Computational graphics gave me some introductory knowledge into linear algebra and some experience in creating 3D scenes. 
